Improve PR template, in particular mention the changelog (#965)
DFE-Digital/early-careers-framework: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Ticket and context

Ticket:

> ## Code review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Review
```

IMO we don't just review code in a PR; we want to check that it actually works as intended.

> ### Is there anything weird that code reviewer should know?
> Nope, everything is straightforward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Is there anything that the reviewer should know?

```

IMO the default shouldn't be "nope"

### Code quality checks
- [ ] All commit messages are meaningful and true
- [ ] Added enough automated tests

> ### Html Checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HTML Checks
```

- [ ] All new pages have automated accessibility checks

> - [ ] All new pages have visual tests via percy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All new pages have visual tests via Percy
```

### Gotchas
- [ ] All `School` queries are correctly scoped - `eligible` when they need to be

## Product review

### How can someone see it it review app?
1. Click the link to review app (posted by a `github-actions` bot below)
2. Follow the steps from the ticket.

> ## Lead Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## External API changes
```

> Does this change anything in apis that LPs can access?
> 
> If so, did you remember to update the changelog? (lead-providers/guidance/release-notes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does this change anything in our external APIs? If so, did you remember to update the CHANGELOG for Lead Providers? (lead-providers/guidance/release-notes)
```
